
April 23 I worked late until 23:20 and I felt burned out.
April 24 I had a long sleep during 8-12 P.M. After I woke up, I had two minute headaches.
April 25 Today is a sunny day,After finishing the HIIT workout,I took a shower,than I had my first English lesson,in which it is reading with Venessa through Zoom.
April 26 I've been thinking about what kind of person should be called a procrastinator.I think that i'm one of them because I keep putting off the thing that i don't feel like doing,but it is necessary.
April 27 I slacked off at work.Staying at home the whole day made me feel like i'm isolated from the world
April 28 I stayed up playing games; I felt like garbage.
April 29 I hung out with an Australian friend. we went to karaoke;I sang the song for 2 hours and 30 minutes. I tried Chinese,English and Japanese songs.I lost my voice after this event;my throat was dry and it hurts.
April 30 This day is the last day of April.The small burning wound on my finger that I got yesterday has almost cured.There is a bump that is still remaining on my finger but the pain has gone away. 
May 1 I mostly played games the whole day;It feels bad man.
May 2 I spent most of the time outside for shopping, eating, and wandering.I followed one of my friend's advice in regards to getting some clothing items to change my fashion style. I ended up buying three items;two trousers,one upper body shirt.
May 3 I went out for a workout at around 14:30,I had not done workout around this time before.There were many chidren in the park.I still remember that when I was doing high knees, some naugty little girl mimicked my move in a distance.
May 4 I started to watch the Android development lesson that I booked last year.This lesson is the most expensive lesson that I have ever booked by myself in my life so far.However, I failed to follow during the Streaming period ,now all that I can do is to watch the video version of it.
May 5 I thought about how to make the best of my day.At the beginning of May, the last day of the first week is called Golden Week.I spent 3-4 hours continuing to watch the video of lesson.I planned to workout outside today,but today is a rainy today.Today's weather provided a perfect excuse for me to not workout outside today.
May 6 The first working day after the Holiday.I was quite energetic the whole day,as I had enough rest.However, I'm starving, since I didn't eat anything except a few amount of snacks.I went out for dinner around 7:00 PM.Firstly I went to the Mastuya, which is the name of the chain Restaurant;to have dinner.There were so much people waiting in the line at Mastuya,So I changed my order to takeout and went to another Ramen restaurant...
May 7 I worked whole day basecally.I went down to the kitchen for microwaving the backed sweet potato that i eat left yesterday,One of my flatmate was cooking there,We talked about something like 'what's up recently'.We had a talk about working,salary,cooking method/recipe etc.. After the talk He even treated me with the dish he cooked! 
May 8 I bought a Ab Wheel,I tried rollout with it after I came back from the shop.It's really hard for me to complete the rollout move.I could not do perfect rollout move ,since my wrist hurt so hard every time I tried.However,I still decided to try it every two days and see if it actually works for me.
May 9 I worked for four hours after I had a English Reading practice with Venessa.In the noon I went down to this first floor to microwaving the takeout that I bought yesterday.I saw the flatonwer was making something with family.I asked if they were making dumplings,Everybody laughed and said that they were making steamed bun!
May 10 I had a video chat call from my mom.On my mom's side there are grandmother.Grandmom looks so tired,I tried to speak to her,She seemed could not complete understand what i said and need lots of strength to manage to give me feedback.
May 11 I started learning how to edit video as I decided to make a video to tell dota2 fan what is the story like in dota2 anime Dragon blood.At the very beginning,I was so frustrated by myself since I couldn't handle the editing software well.
